## 1. Rational Numbers

1. Properties of a rational number.
2. Representing rational numbers on Numberline

## 2. Linear Equation in One Variable

1. Solve for x
2. Some application. word problem
3. Variables on both sides
4. Word problems.
5. Equation reducable to linear form

## 3. Understanding Quadrilaterals

1. polygon or not
2. convex vs concave polygon
3. regular vs irregular polygon
4. Kinds of Quadrilaterals
5. Kite
6. Parallelogram

## 4. Practical Geometry

1. Construct a quadrilateral where diagonal and 4 sides are given
2. When two diagonals and three sides are given

## 5. Data Handling

1. Looking for Information
2. Organising Data
3. Grouping Data
4. Circle Graph or Pie Chart
5. Chance and Probability -
   - Getting a result
   - Equally likely outcome
   - Linking chances to probability
   - Outcomes as events
   - Chance and probability related to real life.

## 6. Squares and Square Roots

1. Properties of square number
2. Some More Interesting Patterns
3. Pythagorean triplet
4. Square Root of Decimals
5. Estimating Square Root

## 7. Cubes and Cuberoots

## 8. Comparing Quantities

1. Recalling Ratios and Percentages
2. Finding the Increase or Decrease percent
3. Finding Discounts
4. Prices related to Buying and Selling (Profit & Loss)
5. Sales Tax/Value Added Tax/ Goods and Services Tax
6. Compound Interest
7. Deducing a Formula for Compound Interest
8. Applications of Compound Interest Formula

## 9. Algebraic Expressions and Identities

1. What are expressions?
2. Terms, Factors, and Co-efficients
3. Monomials, Binomials, and Polynomials
4. Like and Unlike Terms
5. Addition and Subtraction of Algebraic Expressions
6. Multiplication
7. Identities

## 10. Visualizing Solid Shapes

1. top view, front view, side view
2.

## 11. Mensuration

1. Area of Trapezium
2. Surface Area of Cube, Cuboid and Cylinder
3. Volume of Cube, Cuboid and Cylinder
4. Volume and Capacity

## 12. Powers and Exponents

1. Powers with Negative Exponent
2. Laws of exponent
3. using exponent to represent in standard form

## 13. Direct and Inverse Proportions

1. Introduction
2. Direct Proportion
3. Inverse Proportion

## 14. Factorisation

1. Factors or algebraic expressions
2. What is factorisation?
    - Method of common factors
    - Factorisation by regrouping terms
    - Factorisation using Identities
3. Division of Algebraic Expressions
    - Division of a monomial by another monomial
    - Division of a polynomial by a monomial

## 15. Introduction to Graphs

1. A bar graph, pie graph, A line graph, 
2. Linear Graph
3. Co-ordinates
4. Some Applications


